README.md, before:

# FaunaDB Interview Exercises

Copyright 2015, Fauna, Inc. All rights reserved.

## Exercises

For your initial evaluation, please choose an exercise below:

- Front-end positions:
  - [App mockup](https://github.com/faunadb/exercises/blob/master/app.md)
- Full-stack or distributed systems positions:
  - [Merge algorithm](https://github.com/faunadb/exercises/blob/master/merge.md)

## Instructions

The rules are as follows:

- You can work on your own and take as much time as you like.
- You can use external resources such as Stack Overflow and books. If you get help from another developer, please let us know.

Please submit your solution by emailing a .zip file to jobs@faunadb.com (do not put your solution on GitHub). If you choose to include a cover letter or README explaining your approach, we will take that into account as well. We will discuss with you if we have questions, and potentially request revision if necessary.

## Evaluation Criteria

You will be primarily evaluated on the following points:

- Correctness
- Code clarity and extensibility
- Demonstration of insight into performance characteristics
- Thoroughness of tests, if applicable

Good luck!

Commit message:

add designer excercise, update readme

README.md, after:

# FaunaDB Interview Exercises

Copyright 2015, Fauna, Inc. All rights reserved.

## Exercises

For your initial evaluation, please choose an exercise below:

- Designer positions:
  - [Responsive mockup](https://github.com/faunadb/exercises/blob/master/mock.md)
- Front-end positions:
  - [Webpage skin](https://github.com/faunadb/exercises/blob/master/app.md)
- Full-stack or distributed systems positions:
  - [Merge algorithm](https://github.com/faunadb/exercises/blob/master/merge.md)

## Instructions

The rules are as follows:

- You can work on your own and take as much time as you like.
- You can use external resources such as Stack Overflow and books. If you get help from another designer or developer, please let us know.

Please submit your solution by emailing a .zip file to jobs@faunadb.com (do not put your solution on GitHub). If you choose to include a cover letter or README explaining your approach, we will take that into account as well. We will discuss with you if we have questions, and potentially request revision if necessary.

## Evaluation Criteria

You will be primarily evaluated on the following points:

- Correctness
- Code/Design clarity and extensibility
- Demonstration of insight into performance characteristics
- Thoroughness of tests, if applicable

Good luck!
